README.md, before:

# Election-Analysis
Python code to collect, tabulate, analyze election results. This is an exercise for Module 3 the Data Anaylysis Bootcamp at Vandy.
Complete and election audit/analysis of a recent Colorado local congressional election.
1. Calulate the total votes cast in the election.
2. List all candidates who received votes.
3. Calculat the total votes for each candidate.
4. Determine the percentage of votes for each candidate.
5. Determine the winner of the election base on popular vote.
# Resources
Data Source: election_results.csv
Software: Pyton 3.7.6; Visual Studio Code 1.46.0
# Summary
Resulting analysis of the election follows.
1. There were 369,711 total votes.
2. There were 3 candidates that received votes.
  - Charles Casper Stockham: with 23.0% (85,213 votes)
  - Diana DeGette: 73.8% with (272,892 votes)
  - Raymon Anthony Doane: 3.1% with (11,606 votes) 
3. The winner of the election was as follows
  - Winner: Diana DeGette
  - Winning Vote Count: 272,892
  - Winning Percentage: 73.8%

Commit message:

Added county turnout information
Added county turnout numbers and county with largest turnout.

README.md, after:

# Election-Analysis
Python code to collect, tabulate, analyze election results. This is an exercise for Module 3 the Data Anaylysis Bootcamp at Vandy.
Complete and election audit/analysis of a recent Colorado local congressional election.
1. Calulate the total votes cast in the election.
2. List all candidates who received votes.
3. Calculate the total votes for each candidate.
4. Determine the percentage of votes for each candidate.
5. Determine the winner of the election base on popular vote.
6. Determine the percentage of votes for each county.
7. Determine the county with the hightest voter turnout.

# Resources
Data Source: 
- election_results.csv
Output file:
- election_analysis.txt

Software: 
- Pyton 3.7.6 
- Visual Studio Code 1.46.0

# Summary
Resulting analysis of the election follows.
1. There were 369,711 total votes.
2. There were 3 County with voter turnout. 
  - Jefferson: 10.5% (38,855)
  - Denver: 82.8% (306,055)
  - Arapahoe: 6.7% (24,801)
3. The county with the largest Turnout: Denver
4. There were 3 candidates that received votes.
  - Charles Casper Stockham: with 23.0% (85,213 votes)
  - Diana DeGette: 73.8% with (272,892 votes)
  - Raymon Anthony Doane: 3.1% with (11,606 votes) 
5. The winner of the election was as follows
  - Winner: Diana DeGette
  - Winning Vote Count: 272,892
  - Winning Percentage: 73.8%
